
MantaRay Forensics

MantaRay was designed to automate processing forensic images, directories and individual files with open source tools. With support for numerous image formats, this tool provides a scalable base to utilize open source and custom exploitation tools. MantaRay was developed by two forensic analysts, Doug Koster and Kevin Murphy. With more than 25 years of collective experience in computer forensics, they have created a formidable program designed for the bulk automation of repetitive forensic processes. Utilizing the work of some of the great open source developers (in no particular order) such as Brian Carrier, Harlan Carvey, Simson Garfinkel, Kris Kendall, Jesse Kornblum, Nick Mikus, Kristinn Guðjóns and Joachim Metz the tool provides a one-stop shop of highly valuable tools. Additionally, the MantaRay team is working to provide new groundbreaking additions to these open source tools. The first of which is the automated registry recovery and processing tool.  There is more to come...

BulkExtractor, forensicswiki.org/wiki/Bulk_extractor, Simson Garfinkel, Bruce Allen, Alex Eubanks, Luis E. Garcia II, Michael Shick

Calculate Entropy, Public Domain, John Walker, Wesley Landaker

Create KML from JPG EXIF Data, code.google.com/p/simplekml, Kyle Lancaster

Delete duplicate files from the selected directory (Recursive), premium.caribe.net/~adrian2/, Adrian Lopez - fdupes, Doug Koster 

EXIF Tool, sno.phy.queensu.ca/~phil/exiftool, Phil Harvey

Foremost, foremost.sourceforge.net, Kris Kendall, Jesse Kornblum, Nick Mikus

Jumplist Parser, windowsir.blogspot.com, Harlan Carvey

NTFS Arifact Extractor, MantaRayForensics.com, Douglas Koster, Kevin Murphy

Registry Hive Extractor//Regripper, MantaRayForensics.com//code.google.com/p/regripper/, Douglas Koster, Kevin Murphy, Harlan Carvey

Super Timeline, log2timeline.kiddaland.net, Kristinn Guðjóns

Volatility, volatilesystems.com/default/volatility, Mike Auty, Andrew Case, Michael Cohen, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Jamie Levy, Michael Ligh


ManTech Corporate Information

ManTech, www.ManTech.com, was founded in 1968 to provide advanced technological services to the United States government. We began with a single contract with the U.S. Navy to develop war-gaming models for the submarine community. Over the years, our government’s technology needs have increased dramatically in scope and sophistication, and we have grown to meet that challenge.

For more than 40 years, we kept a careful eye on where emerging technologies were taking the government, and we developed the resources to master those technologies—by staying close to our customers and anticipating their needs, hiring talented professionals to propel us into the future, and acquiring companies with proven capabilities.

Today, we are a $3 billion public company that provides the innovation, adaptability, and critical thinking our government needs for success in defense, intelligence, law enforcement, science, administration, and other field throughout the nation and in many countries throughout the world. We are now applying the lessons learned in the unforgiving arena of national security to help the private sector protect networks and critical information.
